document link
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/289686057_A_New_Automation_Approach_for_Fuel_Station_Management_System


abstract

Day by day the number of vehicles and machines are increasing in the modern world. In the present day's scenario, the demand of fuel is increasing because of vehicles and machines are depending on fuel. The long line in front of fuel stations, especially in front of gas pumps is a common scenario in the daily life that waste the valuable time. In Bangladesh, the fuel stations are operated manually that causes the delay. In this paper, we have developed an automated fuel management system that can maintain the account of the fuel stations. The results of this experiment print a receipt automatically after every transaction and can monitor the transactions from remote place via Internet. This management system also helps the fuel stations to become faster and can reduce corruptions in transactions of fuel stations.

Introduction

Energy is a vital issue in the modern world. At present, the machine is part of parcel of the daily life. Moreover, most of the machines are depending on energy or fuel in order to operate. The modern life depends on energy and most of the energy is coming from Petroleum or natural resources. Most of the countries in  the world have  not available petroleum  or other natural  resources. They have  some small amount of natural Gas mine which is not good enough for a long time. Maximum developing country's government imports a large amount of petroleum in every year and  sells them at  fewer prices than the international market. The government of Bangladesh gives a large amount of subsidy in petroleum sector every year. The government of Bangladesh spends a major share of its budget providing direct subsidies for fossil fuels  and  electricity,  the  costs  of  which  have  been  escalating  rapidly  in  recent  years.  In  2012,  the government reports it spent BDT 81.4 billion (US$ 944 million) in direct expenditure on energy subsidies [1]. In 2014 the finance ministry has sanctioned BDT 1,253 core in favor of the Bangladesh Petroleum Corporation as subsidy payments for selling petroleum products in the domestic market at prices lower than its procurement costs [2]. A well monitoring is necessary in this sector. The idea is to develop such a system that can monitor every transaction of every fuel station (e.g. Petrol or CNG pump).   The central goal of this research is to automate the fuel station so that the transactions can be maintained  without  difficulty.  Generally,  the  fuel  dispensaries  calculate  the  amount  of  fuel  and  the corresponding costs of a transaction. The data is collected of every transaction from the fuel dispensary by using computer interfacing. We have developed a management system which can maintain the account of the fuel station and print a receipt automatically after every transaction. As a result, the employees of the fuel stations cannot hide any transaction to the owner of the fuel station. This also helps to reduce the time of the customers.  In this study implements a system that can monitor all the fuel stations transactions connected via Internet. The government can monitor all the fuel stations transactions efficiently. The owners of fuel stations cannot make any corruptions in the price of the fuels. The remainder structure of this paper is as follows. Section 2 presents the Related Work of this paper. Section 3, provides a Research Methods of this paper. In section 4, the design and implementation part is discussed. Section  5, presents the  results of the experiment. Finally, section 6,  provides a set  of conclusions and concludes with a future work.


https://sites.google.com/site/ignoubcafinalyearprojects/project-report/petrol-pump-management-system-project-report

EXisting system
in present system all report work is done manually at the petrol pump. Admin user have to check each petrol pump machine the calculate the sold petrol, but in our proposed system user can check sold petrol from his monitor by clicking on some report button. This system also keep records of each employee. Admin can also check which employee sold how much petrol and what amount he submitted to accountant at the end of the day. Admin can also check how much oil they sold in one day or one month. Admin can generate monthly sale report or annually sale report when they want. This system also help admin to generate the salary of each employee on the basis of his position and working hour.

proposed system
As the work at petrol pump is done manually so it becomes hard for the supervisor to maintain a daily record. So we have developed this system to computerize all the reporting work of petrol pump. Our project gives the supervisor to maintain a daily record in an easiest way. Admin can add new employee and can also delete employee from the system. this system also keep track of the employee attendance and generate the salary on the basis of his working hours. Employee can also check the petrol diesel price online. Admin can also find contact detail of every employee from the system. he can find detail like his address , phone number , joining date , native address.

From report module admin can also generate several reports like pumps daily earning report , employee shift delivery report , pumps report , cumulative daily report , salary report. Admin can update many information in the system that’s why his account is protected with user name and password. Only authentic user can login to admin account.





