https://core.ac.uk/download/pdf/211030682.pdf
link has concluion & modules

https://www.studocu.com/row/document/savitribai-phule-pune-university/computer-engineering/visitors-management-system-report/38518135
full document
downloaded visitors-management-system





ABSTRACT

Visitor Management System deals with the security provided atcompany premises from the unauthenticated or unwanted visitors.Nowadays, in most organizations Visitor management consists of visitors?scribbling their name in a paper book.Instead, Company Visitor Management System will assist you the professionalizedway in which you welcome your visitors. This software is a complete VisitorManagement service to improve the efficiency, productivity, security


INTRODUCTION

Visitor Management system is a web-based technology that willrevolutionize the way your company manages visitors. Visitor Managementsystem is more important to security guards or security company. This webapplication provides a way to effectively control record & track company visitortraffic.In CVMS we use PHP and MySQL database. This is the project which keeps recordsof visitors who visited in the company.CVMS has one module i.e. admin1.Dashboard: In this sections, admin can briefly view how many visitorsvisited in a particular period.2.Visitors: In this section, admin adds new visitors by filling their informationin add visitors sections and also view and manage visitor’s records. Adminalso put visitors out time in the manage records section.3.Search: In this bar, admin can search a particular person by their name andphone number.4.Reports: In this section admin can generate visitor’s reports between twodates.Admin can also update his profile, change password and recover password



PROPOSED SYSTEM

The desktop application system is to be computerised in order to
overcome the problems, which affects the existing desktop
application system.
Computerising the existing system with the help of some programming
language, database package ease the work of the system up to a great
extent.
Generally, there has been a criterion to work on any job or task for a
specific purpose. Nobody works without specific detailed information
about the particular task he is performing. Thus, any transaction can be
performed either or check in and check out. In the computerised system,
the first screen of the system would be a welcome message and a list of
menus.


To provide quick and efficient means for gathering the visitor
information
? To automate the work such as gathering visitor information
andallocating the zones they are allowed to visit. 



EXISTING SYSTEM

Existing system is based on desktop application work and all the
process are done through desktop application, so they maintain several
database registers for recording all the details of the system. They
maintain several registers for recording the entry of daily transactions
such as visitors visited, visitor pass, etc.
They maintain the record of the visitors so they keep entire information
regarding the visitor in the visitor master file. In the similar fashion they
maintain the records of their visits so they keep entire information
regarding their visits in the visit master file. They keep the visitor book
to maintain the record for the visits.
They maintain the register or book for visitor information, visitor list,
check in and checkout information and all the things are done with the
help of desktop application.

Difficulty in maintaining records
• Time consuming
• Editing of data becomes a tedious job
• No security of data
• Lack of efficiency and man power
• High data redundancy
• Data inconsistency 



